Pan_HT/README.md, before:

# MiniVP Pan-HT

## Components

Required components :

* Arduino (tested with Uno R3 and Pro Mini)
* DHT-11, DHT-21 (AM2301) or DHT-22 (AM2302, AM2320, AM2321) sensor  
  *Set the sensor type in the `#define DHT_TYPE` statement before compiling*

Optional components :

* DS3231 real-time clock  
  *Enable or disable RTC using the `#define USE_RTC` statement*
* SD or microSD card reader  
  *Enable or disable SD support using the `#define USE_SD` statement*

## Pinout

Arduino Uno | Components
----------- | ----------
3.3V        | SD 3V3, RTC VCC, DHT pin 1 (left)
GND         | SD GND, RTC GND, DHT pin 4 (right)
SDA         | RTC SDA
SCL         | RTC SCL
D4          | SD CS
D8          | DHT pin 2 (middle left)
D11         | SD MOSI
D12         | SD MISO
D13         | SD CLK

## Setup

1. Clone or download this repository.
2. Move the contents of the `libraries/` folder into your Arduino IDE libraries folder.
3. Open `Pan_HT.ino` in the Arduino IDE.
4. Edit the `DHT_PIN` and `SD_CS_PIN` constants if you need to move those pins.
5. Edit the `DHT_TYPE` constant to match your DHT sensor type.
6. (Un)comment the `USE_SD`, `USE_RTC`, `DEBUG` constants if you need to enable or disable specific features.
7. Load the firmware onto the Arduino.
8. Have fun

Commit message:

Add LED and troubleshooting instructions to README

Pan_HT/README.md, after:

# MiniVP Pan-HT

## Components

Required components :

* Arduino (tested with Uno R3 and Pro Mini)
* DHT-11, DHT-21 (AM2301) or DHT-22 (AM2302, AM2320, AM2321) sensor  
  *Set the sensor type in the `#define DHT_TYPE` statement before compiling*

Optional components :

* PCF8563 real-time clock  
  *Enable or disable RTC using the `#define USE_RTC` statement*
* SD or microSD card reader  
  *Enable or disable SD support using the `#define USE_SD` statement*

## Pinout

The DHT data, SD CS and LED pins can be defined using the `DHT_PIN`, `SD_CS_PIN` and `LED_PIN` preprocessor directives, respectively.

Arduino Uno | Components
----------- | ----------
3.3V        | SD 3V3, RTC VCC, DHT pin 1 (left)
GND         | SD GND, RTC GND, DHT pin 4 (right), LED GND
SDA         | RTC SDA
SCL         | RTC SCL
D4          | SD CS
D8          | DHT pin 2 (middle left)
D9          | LED
D11         | SD MOSI
D12         | SD MISO
D13         | SD CLK

## Setup

1. Clone or download this repository.
2. Move the contents of the `libraries/` folder into your Arduino IDE libraries folder.
3. Open `Pan_HT.ino` in the Arduino IDE.
4. Edit the `DHT_PIN` and `SD_CS_PIN` constants if you need to move those pins.
5. Edit the `DHT_TYPE` constant to match your DHT sensor type.
6. (Un)comment the `USE_SD`, `USE_RTC`, `DEBUG` constants if you need to enable or disable specific features.
7. Load the firmware onto the Arduino.
8. Have fun

# Troubleshooting

* **The LED turns on, then blinks 4 times in a loop** : The SD card initialization failed. Check the pinout and connection to the SD card reader and check the SD card is properly plugged in and works on another device.
* **The LED turns on, then blinks 8 times in a loop** : The SD card was properly initialized but the `DATA.CSV` file could not be opened. Check that the card or file is not read-only, that there is still some disk space on the card, and that the card is properly formatted in FAT16 or FAT32 format as per the [Arduino recommendations](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Reference/SDCardNotes).
* **The LED turns on and does not turn off** : The Arduino is stuck while trying to initialize either the real-time clock or the DHT. Check their pinouts and connections and try again.

By enabling the `DEBUG` preprocessor directive, you will be able to get logs sent back to you, particularly during the initialization process, that may be useful for troubleshooting the board.
